pligg
=====
A Safer alternative
When you start noticing the devastating effects of tobacco cigarettes and the toll that smoking is taking in your health, you know for sure that it is time to start looking for a method to quit your smoking addiction before it is too late. There are different methods to ensure that you stop smoking cigarettes but there are some that are not very effective and that will not really help you to quit the habit. There are many nicotine delivery products such as gum, patches and sprays and they are very popular and they can help you to get your nicotine fix. However, smoking addiction is not only about that and people that smoke are not just addicted to nicotine. In fact, even though nicotine is highly addictive, it is not the most dangerous or the worst aspect of smoking. People also enjoy cigarettes for the sensation that they provide and because they like the flavour. That is something that you do not get from nicotine gum, spray and of course, you will not get that from patches. However, there is an alternative to tobacco smoking that can really make a difference in your life and that allows you to continue enjoying the feeling that smoke provides. This alternative is a product that was launched in the market only a decade ago: electronic cigarettes. These devices not only deliver nicotine which enables you to get your nicotine fix but also allow you enjoy the sensation that smoking a tobacco cigarettes can provide. In fact, the even taste like a tobacco cigarette because they are available in different flavours and one of the options that you will find is tobacco of course, as this is the most popular taste. Electronic cigarettes do not only target the addiction to nicotine but also give you the chance to hold cigarette between your fingers and to take a puff just like you would do with a traditional tobacco cigarette. They even look like regular cigarettes and they are very practical to carry and easy to use so you do not have to worry about learning how to use them or enjoy them as it odes not maker where you are, you can enjoy your electronic cigarettes. Some electronic cigs are so realistic that people even think that they are actual tobacco cigs and they may ask you to stop using them in public places. However, you can explain that electronic cigs do not release smoke but vapour so that actually you are not smoking but vaping or e-smoking. Still, in some places they may have some regulations and ask you to stop using your e-cigarette there but that is just cause they do not want to worry other people that may mistake them with the regular cigarettes. This is because electronic cigs are so realistic and the vapour that they produce looks so much like smoke form a tobacco cig, that it is no wonder why other people around you would immediately mistake them with regular cigs. Electronic cigs are also very enjoyable and they offer you the possibility of trying different flavours and they taste amazing. It is amazing that we have now an alternative product that does not only provide the pleasant sensation that you can usually get from regular ciggies but that can also avoid all the annoying aspects such as smoke, ashes, cigarette butts, not to mention that they are a lot safer than regular tobacco products as electronic cigs do not contain the devastating and toxic substances that are part of regular products. If you really want something that is not only different (although familiar in taste and appearance)  but also better, you need an e-cig. While it is true that there are many things that we still do not know about electronic cigs, we do know that the smoke from regular cigs is very dangerous for our health and for the health of those around you. E-cigs do not contain tar and all the terrible ingredients that are included in a long list of toxic chemicals and poisonous substances that are part of regular cigs. People who smoke are aware of all the dangerous aspects about their habit but since it is an addiction that is very difficult to kick, they often fail at their attempt of stopping smoking. Thankfully, there is hope for them as they can continue enjoying the sensation that cigarettes can give them but without smoke and all the harmful substances that are part of regular ciggies and that are also devastating for your wellbeing and your health. Make sure that you make the decision to switch to electronic cigarettes before it is too late. Think about the people in your life and the damage that the addiction is causing. Leave smoke behind and enjoy vapour. It is much safer. 
http://cigarettelovers.com/
